{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf230
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12420\viewh15260\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-2319\sl360

\f0\fs26 \cf2 Balthazar font family was developed during 2011 and publishes for free\'a0through the Google Font Directory\'a0project.\'a0\
Balthazar is a contemporary "CopperplateGothic like" serif typeface inspired on the kind of typefaces used by many bistros and cafes in New York City and Paris. The main difference is the addition of a lowercase letters set. The relation between high x-height, ascender and descenders gives the text a compact look as the original CooperplateGothic design. The general form is less condensed. It has diagonal stress, a soft variation on its contrast and on its strokes to improve lecture. It is bolder from normal for better rasterization on screen. The typeface works smooth at text sizes with delicate serif, which gives a crispy effect on the screen. At larger sizes shows strong personality with the combination of the serif and the modulation of its strokes. It is useful for both short text and headlines, but it is also comfortable for reading on screen.\
The family will be expanded to bold, italic and bold italic styles\'a0in the next step. Language support and opentype features\'a0will be incorporate in the near future.\
\
Designed by Dario Muhafara for tipo foundry.\
\
\
\
http://www.tipo.net.ar\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-2319
\cf2 http://twitter.com/dmuhafara\
\
google+ https://plus.google.com/105287894980881814285/about\
}